Alphabetical is down channel of Pureban limited armor ground set
First, even some dedicated voice eyes or that look pretty both that introduced the Yoroibu and Baron go dark
It had entered
You Liyuan climbers and olive say the kind around this time Hano
First of all, the entire Ryukyu Lock start looks like this
The metallic of the base is dark , even compared to the double lock type of the same base color this time
Who is beautiful
The face of the dragon source is this touching and it feels like being ok
And when it unfolds, it is a block and clear source of dark purple and a block and a 劉 source driver
Instructor Then press the back button to confirm the voice
First First
The second
Dragon Aunt is the Mother
It is the third time you feel uncomfortable
Press twice
Press 3 times
Ah ah ah ah
Oh it was not what either the last great luxurious sound is entered
The last of the four types is unity as a whole
The base looks like it's my fight for a moment
It looks metallic with some pearl if you look at it
If you expand the previous part, it will not be clear green
It is 6 the start of the war the pole driver and the eyes of Zangetsu
Press the button sound confirmation Hitotsumen'
The second
The
I completely different world sorry there is melon sorry implications
Third
c
Press 3 times
Oh something sound will long participation
Now the extreme driver trend Hejin
The rock seed deployment is more faceplate than grapes .
Write one
Write to
Cover up
Turn it three times
The sound of the dragon shot is pretty cool then it's a makeover
Remaining month lock start makeover
Write one
Write to
I will go three times
Ah ah ah ah
In the transformation excess position
This, of course, also to works after the other Deluxe Edition
It is also possible Shika brother God bar
3 types
It introduces the set has a Pureban limited Armored rider lock seed by saying yes
The
I did not think that all the audio was completely new
There is also a dedicated sound pretty much, and it was linked with relaxation &
But the best was good more than that is the appearance four with crazy Kakkoyoku'
Balance of each rider's face
Question bright was the seed-based metallic color also has become quite darker
It was made only for Playburn, but it was a very good product.
Just more than I I wanted it released Deluxe Edition any time by doubling the science Speaking greed pre
It was introduction of van limited capsule lock seed Armored rider set